---
title: Named Range
permalink: /excel/named-range
key: software-excel-named-range
---

Name Ranges in Excel are a useful feature that allows you to assign a name to a cell, range of cells, or constant value. This makes it easier to refer to these items in formulas, charts, and other parts of your workbook. In this tutorial, we will show you how to create and use name ranges in Excel.

Creating a named range in excel can be extremely useful as they can be absolute references, constants, dynamic and contain formulas. They allow for easy use within formulas,  increase readability and simplify selection of data which is also transferable into any VB code or even Power Query.

When a workbook has named ranges it can be easy to understand what formulas are doing and what the data is for someone who didn't create the workbook.

When selecting a range and creating it into a table `Ctrl + T` Excel will automatically make this a named range called Table1 increment it accordingly as named ranges must be called something unique. Otherwise it can also be used for cell references there are a few ways to create a named range in Excel:

## Creating a Name Range
There are a few different ways to create a Name Range in Excel:

### Method 1: Using the Name Box

1. Select the cell or range of cells that you want to name.
2. In the "Name Box" (located above the worksheet), type the name you want to use for the range.
3. Press Enter.

### Method 2: Using the Define Name Button

1. Select the cell or range of cells that you want to name.

2. Click the "Formulas" tab on the ribbon.
3. Click the "Define Name" button in the "Defined Names" group.
4. In the "New Name" dialog box, type the name you want to use for the range.
5. Click "OK".

### Using a Name Range in Formulas

Once you have created a Name Range, you can use it in formulas instead of referencing the cell or range directly.

```scss
=SUM(SalesData)
```
This formula will add up all the values in the "SalesData" range.

### Using a Name Range in Charts

You can also use Name Ranges in charts to make them easier to read and maintain.

To use a Name Range in a chart:

1. Create your chart as usual.
2. Select the data series that you want to use the Name Range for.
3. In the "Series Values" or "Category (X) Axis Labels" field, type the name of your Name Range.
4. Press Enter to update the chart.

For example, if you have a Name Range called "SalesData" that refers to cells A1:B10, you can use it in a chart like this:

1. Create a chart based on the SalesData range.
2. Right-click on the chart and select "Select Data".
3. Click "Edit" for the "Series Values" field.
4. Type "SalesData" instead of the cell range in the "Series Values" field.
5. Click "OK" to update the chart.
