---
layout: article
title: Website Updates for 2023
permalink: /home/223-updates
key: Dark Olive Grove
cover:
aside:
  toc: false
---

We are excited to announce that we have just released a series of introductory articles on Excel and Python. These articles are designed to help beginners get started with these tools and provide a foundation for further learning.

In addition to these new articles, we uploaded  articles on using converting OneNote pages to Obsidian and on creating websites with Jekyll. We also have a handy markdown worksheet to help you get started with this versatile formatting language which is used in Obsidian and building websites with Jekyll. They can be found at our [Tech Tutorials Page](/tutorials.html).
<!--more-->

---

Our current Excel articles cover an introduction of excel and using formulas and functions tieing in with our spreadsheet examples to follow along with. We look forward to releasing the next section of the lesson guide covering *Name Ranges* following *Conditional Formatting* and creating *Charts and Graphs*. See the [Lesson Guide](/excel/introduction#lesson-guide) for the future content we look to release.

Our current Python articles cover topics such as python basics, looping techniques, lists, functions, data structures, modules and classes. Just recently our [Basic Python Exercises](/programming/python/basic-exercises) have been uploaded and look to create advanced exercises to continue the Python series.

We are committed to providing high-quality educational content to help people learn new skills and advance their careers. As part of this commitment, we plan to release further content on Excel and Python throughout the year. This includes intermediate and advanced articles as well as hands-on exercises and projects to help readers practice and apply their knowledge.

We hope these articles will be helpful for those who are new to Excel and Python, and we welcome feedback and suggestions for future content.

---

We want to thank all of our readers for your patience and understanding. As many of you know, all of the content on our website is created by a single person and the reality is that creating content takes time. Research, writing, editing, and formatting all take time and effort, and it is not always possible to release new content on a regular schedule. We hope that the content that we do release is helpful and valuable to you. If you have any suggestions or feedback on how we can improve our content or our release schedule, please don't hesitate to let us know.

Thank you for your support and for choosing to learn with us.
